Federalist
45 the alleged dangers from the powers
of the Union to the state governments
considered for the Independent Journal
Madison to the people of the state of
New
York having shown that no one of the
powers transferred to the federal
government is unnecessary or improper
the next question to be considered is
whether the whole mass of them will be
dangerous to the portion of authority
left in the several States the
adversaries to the plan of the
convention instead of considering in the
first place what degree of power was
absolutely necessary for the purposes of
the federal government have exhausted
themselves in a secondary inquiry into
the possible consequences of the
proposed degree of power to the
governments of the particular States but
if the Union as has been shown be
essential to the security of the people
of America against foreign danger if it
be essential to their security against
contentions and Wars among the different
states if it be essential to guard them
against those violent and oppressive
factions which embitter the blessings of
liberty and against those military
establishments which must gradually
poison its very Fountain if in a word
the union be essential to the happiness
of the people of America is it not
Preposterous to urge as an objection to
a government without which the objects
of the Union cannot be attained that
such a government May dagate from the
importance of the governments of the
individual states was then the American
Revolution affected was the American
Confederacy formed was the Precious
Blood of thousands spilt and the
hard-earned substance of Millions
lavished not that the people of America
should enjoy peace Liberty and safety
but that the government of the
individual states that particular
Municipal establishments might enjoy a
certain extent of power and be arrayed
with certain dignities and attributes of
sovereignty we have heard of the ous
doctrine in the old world that the
people were made for Kings not Kings for
the people is the same Doctrine to be
revived in the new in another shape that
the solid happiness of the people is to
be sacrificed to the views of political
institutions of a different form it is
too early for politicians to presume on
our forgetting that the public good the
real welfare of the great body of the
people is the Supreme object to be
pursued and that no form of government
whatever has any other value than as it
may be fitted for the attainment of this
object were the plan of the convention
adverse to the public happiness my voice
would be reject the plan were the Union
itself inconsistent with the public
happiness it would be abolish the Union
in like manner as far as the sovereignty
of the states cannot be reconciled to
the happiness of the people the voice of
every good citizen must be let the
former be sacrificed to the latter how
far the sacrifice is necessary has been
shown how far the
unacedmic much more likely to be
disturbed by the preponderancy of the
last than of the first
scale we have seen in all the examples
of ancient and modern confederacies the
strongest tendency continually betraying
itself in the members to despoil the
general government of its authorities
with a very ineffectual capacity in the
latter to defend itself against the
encroachments although in most of these
examples the system has been so
dissimilar from that under consideration
as greatly to weaken any inference
concerning the latter from the fate of
the former yet as the states will retain
under the proposed Constitution a very
extensive portion of active sovereignty
the inference ought not to be wholly
disregarded in the aan league it is
probable that the federal head had a
degree and species of power which gave
it a considerable likeness to the
government framed by the convention the
lysan Confederacy as far as its
principles and form are transmitted must
have borne a still greater analogy to it
yet history does not inform us that
either of them ever degenerated or
tended to degenerate into one
Consolidated Government on the contrary
we know that the ruin of one of them
proceeded from the incapacity of the
federal authority to prevent the
dissensions and finally the disunion of
the subordinate authorities these cases
are the more worthy of our attention as
the external causes by which the
component parts were pressed together
were much more numerous and powerful
than in our case and consequently less
powerful ligaments within would be
sufficient to bind the members to the
head and to each other in the feudal
system we have seen a similar propensity
exemplified not withstanding the want of
proper sympathy in every instance
between the local sovereigns and the
people and the sympathy in some
instances between the general Sovereign
and the latter it usually happened that
the local sovereigns prevailed in the
Rival ship for
encroachments had no external dangers
enforced internal Harmony and
subordination and particularly had the
local sovereigns possessed the
affections of the people the great
Kingdoms in Europe would at this time
consist of as many independent princes
as there were formerly few Barons the
state government will have the advantage
of the federal government whether we
compare them in respect to the immediate
dependence of the one on the other to
the weight of personal influence which
each side will possess to the powers
respectively vested in them to the
predilection and probable support of the
people to the disposition and faculty of
resisting and frustrating the measures
of each other the state governments may
be regarded as constituent and essential
parts of the federal government whilst
the latter is no wise essential to the
operation or organization of the former
without the intervention of the state
legislatures the president of the United
States cannot be elected at all they
must in all cases have a great share in
his appointment and will perhaps in most
cases of themselves determine it the
Senate will be elected absolutely and
exclusively by the state legislator even
the House of Representatives though
drawn immediately from the people will
be chosen very much under the influence
of that class of men whose influence
over the people obtains for themselves
an election into the state
legislatures thus each of the principal
branches of the federal government will
owe its existence more or less to the
favor of the state governments and must
consequently feel a dependence which is
much more likely to beg get a
disposition too obsequious than too
overbearing towards them on the other
side the component parts of the state
governments will in no instance be
indebted for their appointment to the
direct agency of the federal government
and very little if at all to the local
influence of its members the number of
individual uals employed under the
Constitution of the United States will
be much smaller than the number employed
under the particular states there will
consequently be less of personal
influence on the side of the former than
of the latter the members of the
legislative executive and Judiciary
Departments of 13 or more States the
justices of peace officers of militia
ministerial officers of Justice with all
the County Corporation and town officers
for three millions and more of people
intermixed and having particular
acquaintance with every class and circle
of people must exceed beyond all
proportion both in number and influence
those of every description who will be
employed in the administration of the
federal system compare the members of
the three great Departments of the 13
states excluding from the Judiciary
Departments of the justices of peace
with the members of the corresponding
Departments of the single government of
the Union compare the militia officers
of three millions of people with the
military and Marine officers of any
establishment which is within the
compass of probability or I may add of
possibility and in this view alone we
may pronounce the advantage of the
states to be
decisive if the federal government is to
have collectors of Revenue the state
governments will have theirs also and as
those of the former will be principally
on the Sea Coast and not very numerous
whilst those of the latter will be
spread over the face of the country and
will be very numerous the advantage in
this view also lies on the same side it
is true that the Confederacy is to
possess and may exercise the power of
collecting internal as well as external
taxes throughout the state but it is
probable that this power will not be
resorted to except for supplemental
purposes of Revenue that an option will
then be given to the states to supply
their quotas by previous collections of
their own and that the eventual
collection under the immediate authority
of the Union will generally be made by
the officers and according to the rules
appointed by the several States indeed
it is extremely probable that in other
instances particularly in the
organization of the judicial power the
officers of the states will be clothed
with the correspondent authority of the
Union should it happen however that
separate collectors of internal revenue
should be appointed under the federal
government the influence of the whole
number would not bear a comparison with
that of the multitude of state officers
in the opposite scale within every
District to which a federal collector
would be allotted there would not be
less than 30 or 40 or even more officers
of different descriptions and many of
them persons of character and weight
whose influence would lie on the side of
the state the powers delegated by the
proposed Constitution to the federal
government are are few and defined those
which are to remain in the state
governments are numerous and indefinite
the former will be exercised principally
on external objects as War peace
negotiation and foreign Commerce with
which last the power of taxation will
for the most part be connected the
powers reserved to the several States
will extend to all the objects which in
the ordinary course of Affairs concern
the lives Liberties and properties of
the people and the internal order
Improvement and prosperity of the state
the operations of the federal government
will be most extensive and important in
times of war and danger those of the
state governments in times of peace and
security as the former periods will
probably bear a small proportion to the
latter the state governments will here
enjoy another advantage over the federal
government the more adequate indeed the
federal powers may be rendered to the
National Defense the less frequent will
be those scenes of danger which might
favor their ascendancy over the
governments of the particular States if
the new Constitution be ex examined with
accuracy and cander it will be found
that the change which it proposes
consists much less in the addition of
new powers to the union than in the
invigoration of its original Powers the
regulation of Commerce it is true is a
new power but that seems to be an
addition which few oppose and from which
no apprehensions are entertained the
powers relating to War and Peace armies
and fleets treaties and finance with the
other more considerable powers are all
vested in the existing Congress by the
Articles of Confederation the proposed
change does not enlarge these Powers it
only substitutes a more effectual mode
of administering them the change
relating to taxation may be regarded as
the most important and yet the present
Congress have as complete authority to
require of the states indefinite
supplies of money for the common defense
and general welfare as the future
Congress would have to require them of
individual citizens and the latter will
be no more bound than the states
themselves have been to pay the quotas
respectively taxed on them had the
states complied punctually with the
Articles of Confederation or could their
compliance have been enforced by as
Peaceable means as may be used with
success towards single persons our past
experience is very far from
countenancing an opinion that the state
governments would have lost their
Constitutional Powers and have gradually
undergone an entire consolidation to
maintain that such an event would have
ensued would be to say at once that the
existence of the state governments is
incompatible with any system whatever
that accomplishes the essential purposes
of the Union
publicus